Put on socks or remove your socks. If you don't have socks, wear someone else's socks
Call your mom and tell her you love her.
Piss your pants right now.
Take a shower
Streak from Hope's house to Sahil's house or vice versa
Eat the spiciest pepper in Sahil's fridge
Eat a raw egg.
Handcuff yourself to a table until your name is picked again.
put an ice cube down your pants and let it melt.
handcuff yourself to a random for until your name is called twice, all dares and truths must be completed while handcuffed.
go outside and yell for help for 15 seconds, then come back inside. 
take a shot.
pick the player on your right's nose
bite the neck of the player with the least shots taken
get slapped by a random player
touch noses with a random player and stare into their eyes for 15 seconds
KILL YOURSELF
15 pushups go
make the rest of the group a hot meal, using whatever ingredients you can find. the group will rate your meal from 1-10 and if your average is below 5 you have to take a shot.
Boil an egg until it's soft boiled, Sahil will check it, and if it's over or undercooked, take a full shot. 
Text any member of the group that has been excommunicated: "I miss you"
Put your tongue out and cite a poem for at least 30 seconds.
Go out and hug 5 trees, each for 30 seconds.
Bite a soap.
Fill up your mouth with water and sing a song until someone from the group guesses the song.
Show everyone your search history for the past week.
Go into the other room, take your clothes off and put them on backwards for the rest of the game.
Ask someone random from the group out on a real date, and actually go in the future. 
Get into the shower with your clothes on. Towel will be provided. 
Try to drink a glass of water without using your hands.
Type porn into your search history and show us the results for 15 seconds. 
Run around the house once in your underwear.
Make out with the closest wall.
Eat a spoon of mayo.
Let someone in the group draw on your face with makeup.
Switch clothes with someone random in the group, don't swap underwear (gross).
Stand on one leg for 2 minutes. Every time you fail remove an article of clothing, timer resumes when you get back on one leg 
go on insta live and do the npc fetish trend (ask riley)
venmo a random player 5 bucks
tell us how you are feeling emotionally and mentally and tell us how you're doing.



